Description

In this lab exercise, a smart alarm system is implemented, which
offers safety in the area where it operates. The alarm consists of four elements,
which serve different functions:
1) A distance calculation sensor, which is an input to the ADC.
2) A timer element.
3) Two switches, which act as a keypad to enter the code
deactivation.
4) A PWM pulse that activates the alarm siren

The alarm consists of two functions, the trigger function and the function
deactivation. The first function is called in order to trigger the alarm and to
secure the space. Specifically, when someone enters through the keyboard (two switches
of PORTF) the predefined four-digit combination, the enable function is called.
This four-digit combination is a sequential activation of the two switches SW5 and
SW6 of PORTF with a predetermined sequence.The combination consists first of all
turning on switch SW6, then switch SW5, again switch SW5 and finally
of switch SW6. Once the combination is entered correctly, a timer (can
to be simulated with whatever timer/counter suits you) which gives a time interval to
occupants to leave the room, locks the doors and activates the second one
alarm function.

The second function, shutdown function, is called when detected through the
distance sensor that someone has entered the guarded space. Specifically, when
the value of the ADC falls below a threshold, an LED (LED0) is activated and then o
alarm requires the correct entry of the entire predefined four-digit number
combination (the sequence SW6-SW5-SW5-SW6) within a limited time.
Therefore, the ADC starts a timer that runs for a period of time in which
the code must be entered with a margin of error up to three times.If within the timeline
margin enter the correct combination with less than three attempts, then the alarm
is disabled and its first function is called (waiting for the input of the combination for
to be activated again). If the time period expires without entering the correct combination or if
an attempt has been made to enter the wrong combination three times, the siren is activated. THE
siren will be simulated by driving the LED (LED0) via a PWM pulse. On the rise
rising edge of the pulse the LED will also be activated on the falling edgeof the corresponding pulse will be disabled. To stop the siren and to
disable the alarm (start its first operation) the correct one must be entered
combination. Finally, note that when a mistake is made in entering the combination to
any stage, the alarm will require the entire combination to be entered again from
the beginning (SW6-SW5-SW5-SW6).

Lab Questions 

1) Implement the first function of the alarm function, that is, the system
waiting for the correct combination to be entered as well as the activation and
turn off the timer.
2) Add the second function of the alarm, i.e. enable the ADC,
of LED0, the timer, and the correct combination entry check in three attempts
within the time limit set by the timer.
3) Implement the siren ie set a PWM pulse to trigger and
turning off LED0.