Description

In this laboratory exercise, the domestic simulation is further implemented
device moving in space. Specifically, the movement of its two wheels will be simulated, when
turns right and left, which will move according to two different rhythms, which will
determined by two different PWM generators (use whatever registers you
facilitate). The rate of each wheel will be displayed on an LED which will be triggered when
the pulse will be on the rising edge and will be turned off when
the rising edge of the next pulse follows, (as shown in detail and
in figure 3.2). LED0 (PORTD PIN0) will correspond to the right wheel and LED1 (PORTD PIN1) to the
left wheel.
In the initial state the two LEDw (the two pulses), blink at the same rate as
the device moves straight, so its two wheels move in parallel. In the same way as
and in Lab 2, the home appliance has a sensor in front of it, which
gives values ​​to ADC. When it approaches a wall, ie the ADC displays a value less than one
random value set, the device should stop moving (stop the
PWMs) and wait for the next command to be given to it. This process will be simulated
with a third LED (PORTD PIN2), which will be the only one on until another is given
mandate.
Two options will be implemented when the device stops. First, the choice to go
right and second the option to go left. The two options will be simulated respectively with
pressing a switch (when SW5 (PORTF PIN5) is pressed will go right and when SW6 is pressed
(PORTF PIN6) will go left). Depending on which button has been pressed, her wheels must
device to move respectively:
When the corresponding switch is pressed again, the turning process will stop
and the device will return to its original mode, (the two LEDs will flash with
the same rate).
Note: As both switches are on the same PORT (PORTF), they should
check through PORTF.INTFLAGS to see which button (flag) was activated. Specifically,
you should isolate bit 5 and bit 6 of PORTF.INTFLAGS (via appropriate
masking) and check with an if if the corresponding bit is ΄1΄ (so the button was pressed).

Lab Questions 

1) You implement the original function of the device (i.e. the movement straight with the two LEDs
to flash simultaneously according to the proper programming of the two
PWM pulses).
2) Add ADC to your function, which when it will show a value less than
a threshold will stop the operation and turn on a third LED (LED2).
3) Add the operation of the two switches. Specifically, when the
SW5 (PORTF PIN5) will enable clockwise rotation and when SW6 (PORTF
PIN6) left rotation will be enabled.
4) Implement right and left rotation by programming two pulses appropriately
PWM. One of them must each time be twice the other and respectively with
the movement being performed, the appropriate LEDs will flash.