Description

The purpose of this laboratory exercise is to simulate the operation of a smart
of a household appliance moving in the space of an empty room. It starts from one corner of it
room and its purpose is to draw its outline. As it moves through space it will
takes values ​​from a sensor that measures the distance of the device from an obstacle
in front of it (here the sensor values ​​will be measured by the ADC). If the price is below it
allowed (you set any value between 1-254) the device should stop
and move left. The device will choose to move right if the right sensor is pointing to us
that there is no wall to the right of the device (it will also be simulated with the ADC), i.e. the value
it is above the permissible. When it reaches the corner it started from we want it to stop.
We also want if a switch is pressed to be able to return to its position following it
path he has taken until now but in reverse.


Some assumptions that will be used are the following:

• Movement will be simulated by an LED (when moving straight the LED is on otherwise
closes).
• There is only one ADC available on the board, so to use it in
two different states (checking if it is approaching a wall and checking if it exists
wall right) you must use for the one situation the free-running mode and
on the other hand, only one conversion should be performed when requested (i.e. there is no need for
second state to be constantly checked).
• Left and right movement will be simulated with two different LEDs which are
lit until a timer reaches a certain value (put values ​​that are convenient for you
and explain how you found the values).
• When a switch is pressed the reverse course will be activated.

Regarding the reverse course, we want the device to turn 180 degrees. This will
simulated with the three LEDs being simultaneously open for a period of time (using a timer).
It will then perform the exact same process in reverse. Specifically, as it progresses
forward and finds a wall, we want it to turn right (the corresponding LED is on). When he realizes that
there is no wall to the left, we want it to move to the left (the corresponding LED is on). Finally, when
realizes that it has returned to its original position, terminates.

1) Implement the home appliance movement code when the room is
square (therefore no need for the right sensor and its second function
ADC).
2) Implement the motion code in the room shown in the figure below
2.2, the second function of the ADC is also introduced here.
3) Implement the reverse operation.


